The object of this game is to destroy the invading alien
task force.  They approach you head on (from the top of
the screen).


Controls:      (in game play)

   Up arrow:    Accelerate forward
   Down arrow:  Accelerate backward
   Left arrow:  Accelerate left
   Right arrow: Accelerate right
   Control:     Fire primary and secondary weapons
   Alt:         Cycle between all available secondary
                weapons.
   P:           Pause game.
   Escape:      Exit to main menu
                           
Display:

   The indicator at the top of the screen lists your credit
   status.
   The left bar is your power status indicator.
   The right bar is your shield status indicator.
   The lower left corner of your screen shows you which
   weapons you are currently using.  If a secondary weapon is
   owned, then there will be two icons there.  Otherwise, there
   only will be one.  The icon on the left is the primary
   weapon that you are firing.  The icon on the right (if there
   is one) is the secondary weapon that you are firing.


Game Play:

   Levels vary in length.  As you fly through them, enemies may
   drop goodies when they die.  Pick those up for added bonuses.

   Power is important because it recharges your shields.  Your
   power regenerates automatically.  Once your power bar is full,
   your shields begin to recharge, but at half the rate of power
   recharge.  TIP: When your power bar is not full, your
   shields will not recharge.  So, if your shields are at a
   dangerously low level, stop firing for a little while.  That
   will allow your power bar to fill up, and thus your shields will
   be able to recharge.  Unfortunately, it may prove difficult to
   avoid enemies without shooting them down.


Space Base:

   Between missions, you reside in the Space Base.  This station is
   where you can conduct business.  The doorway on the left will lead
   you to the upgrade computer.  You can buy/sell your weapons there.
   To toggle between buy and sell mode, click the "MODE" button.

   Primary weapons are always equipped.  You can only have one primary
   weapon.  You can buy as many secondary weapons as you want, but
   only one can fire at any given time.  (To toggle between your
   secondary weapons, hit ALT in gameplay.)

   The door to the right in the Space Base is the exit door.  It drops
   you back to the main menu.

   You may wish to save your game.  To save, click on the happy computer.
   It is strongly recommended to save your game between levels.

   After you are finished doing business in the Space Base, click on
   the "HANGAR" arrows to fly the next mission.

   Read the briefing carefully, and fulfill the mission.

   Enjoy!

